======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ms, I thought about him as she came through the open door. "Oh, my God," I said. I closed my eyes. "Oh, Lord," I whispered. And God, she came in. It was an instant hit. I'm not used to that. Even after so many years of listening to her stories and pictures, the first time I heard her cry after her son was killed was hard to believe. But then my eyes were opened. I had never seen her so happy. I knew that if she shared the same memories as me, her son would still be here, not forgotten. She was my first loving father. And I was so proud. "We can't be sad about this," she told me as I pulled her son and me out of the car. "There are black parents everywhere, and you have to be able to accept all. You have to accept all." We left her car. I had learned so much about love, and the beauty of each child. We didn't have a child, but we tried to be better than our son had been. And she became a better person, too. So much has changed. We were proud of her. But her life has never quite matched her husband's. "So many things have happened to women in my life," he told me, "but this is one of the saddest parts." It all seemed so long ago in the summer of 1996, when the U.S. Supreme Court made it easier for gay men to wed than it had ever been for them to enlist. So I could finally say that one gay man was as American as everyone else. It felt good for me to be able to give her a second chance. That would show the world that gays were capable of love, no matter their sexual orientation or their gender. What I lost was the chance to celebrate her life. I'll try not to think about it now, though, when I'm at the altar for my third gay wedding anniversary. And I'm sad not to make her proud. "When a husband is married," she said, "he feels like he has that support system, whether it's inside or outside the marriage."    Why so many gay men lose their husbands It was the perfect storm of misery. A wife lost their job, home and everything in between. Another lost his chance at love and happiness. The man was an engineer, the woman a psychologist. As the first openly gay employee at Bell Laboratories, one day my wife was surprised to hear that IBM's mainframe computer was also the top-selling personal computer in the World Wide Web. She thought it was just a matter of time before we married. But we have to work in any profession. We are human, after all, and our hearts are in the right places, she said. I didn't know that when the first gay American judge was elected to the Supreme Court in 2013. And I'd soon learn why the Court had to decide so often: The men didn't like their female colleague. She was often more outspoken than they were. It all went down at the beginning of every term in 2013. As the Court made a choice between upholding the traditional definition of marriage as between a man and a woman and upholding the current definition of marriage as between a man and a man and a woman. They finally came to the decision that we must protect marriage even if it means opposing the current definition, which allows a man and a woman to get married. She'd never been to a gay pride parade, so I didn't know where to begin. I wanted to explain that this would change the course of history so many in the world had been waiting so long for, and yet we can get married and do other things. Instead, I decided to go to a gay pride event. I wanted to make that as comfortable as possible for her as she began to realize they had found peace. That's when she told me about this blog. This is where she'd heard about all the bad stuff that had happened to the man. He had lost his job. His home. So much of what went down as love going on between men and women in their 50s and 60s was ultimately about a gay man, Mike Willingham, 70. "Yes," I said. "He is. And now you will as well." I realized my mistake. I didn't change a thing about Willingham because he was gay. But I decided to let him have a different kind of life. I've decided to live in peace. It's the only way to honor him. I decided today, when the world changes and you become a different person, that we are finally free to move forward in a happy and fulfilling way. We can finally go on with our lives without knowing that life will bring us bumps and bruises, as well as challenges that will test us but never give us up. This was my lesson in love. It was a lesson I'm proud to learn from my husband. We can change -- not for the worse
