======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that he couldn't get to his job. It was a terrible experience for him. When the next job came up, this time at a new location, that's when he noticed more problems. It was so bad. "This is not what it is to be a successful business owner in this industry. You've got to be here 20 times harder than an 18-year-old girl," says Steve S. Schlosser, founder of Sotheby's Auction and Sotheby's Auction & Lending, an online auction and lending service. That's why Schlosser's wife, Michelle, decided to open a store. "It's not just about price. The only reason I'm writing this column is because prices are a real problem for us," Schlosser says. "And we have to work very hard to pay back debt that we incurred." It's true that Schlosser is the lone black woman on the list of Sotheby's co-founders who are not white, and Schlosser says some of the company's white owners have also been reluctant to purchase items because of the racial obstacles. "The racism that we see in our own world is still shocking to me," he says. "The fact that our country made it this far and still has racism in our society... is amazing." The reasons for all this racism may be much deeper than a lack of purchasing desire or a desire for something cheap — and the reasons for other people feeling disenfranchised are much graver, Schlosser says. "We are all people in our own right. And racism is not just in this country. It's all over the world," he says. "If you look at North Korea, it is that far from us." One study of 18-to-26-year-old Americans that appeared in a popular book said only 5% of the people surveyed were of African descent. And another study from Gallup found that Americans still live on the front lines of social change, with 62% saying racism and inequality are problems that "affect all Americans equally" — not just African-Americans. It may get a little better, Schlosser says, if you look within yourself. You may have been raised by a parent who was either black or white, or lived near the front of the line. You may have learned that racism and inequality are problems for your worst enemies to overcome. That is so much simpler and so much better than having to deal with this stuff all your life. "Some of these conversations are going to be easier because you've never had to deal with it yourself, because you were raised in a family from a different racial background, because you speak or write a different language. You may get better opportunities," says Schlosser, who, as a kid and an older man now, has been in New York City for almost three decades and still lives next door to a couple of white people. "The fact that these problems exist in the first place doesn't mean you should ignore these other aspects," he says. "Look around you. Find that one person you can trust and work with all day long." If you are black, or brown, or a minority, and you can't get past a few conversations or things, then what hope do you have? There are a few things you can do that can improve a lot if you are in fact interested in changing things for the better. One: Don't act like it's your fault. There are things you can do to help you survive without complaining. One good habit is to have a black nugget. Another is to have a Black Lives Matter activity outside your regular schedule. You need to do your research first. You need to see yourself reflected in the world. You need to be ready to face the challenges that face all of us. You need to keep learning. Then you can move through the rest.
 The most common complaint among millennials — and for a reason. The economy is still weak, home prices still depressed and college tuition costs ballooning, making it far tougher to find housing, save money and actually buy a home. Some millennials have also been having trouble finding jobs in the last several months, and many think they're going to lose a lot of ground in the years ahead. And the biggest change is that it's easier to move to another city.  "With things like the housing market collapsing, the economy is less strong," says Dan Cogdill of the Census Bureau's American Community Survey. "There's less of an opportunity there. And I think it's going to be even harder for young people to find job opportunities. That's going to be the most jarring change as we get into the next generation." "What we're going to get is less money to move to places," Chris Hughes, a 21-year-old marketing student from Miami Gardens, Florida, told USA Today. "It doesn't matter what you're looking for. You can move back anywhere, because you can do anything." In Seattle, which has
