======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Police's Deputy Homicide Division, and the district attorney's office will investigate.  An April 28 federal lawsuit filed by the two officers is seeking unspecified damages and wrongful arrest. The lawsuit alleges that police officers Michael Smith and Tyler "Duke" McCarty made "frivolous false statements and used unreasonable force against Black Plaintiffs."  The lawsuit alleges that officers Smith and McCarty "obstructed the defendants' freedom of movement including being physically and verbally abusive and using physical force against Plaintiffs." A March 30 grand jury indictment and April 14 grand jury indictment were unsealed. "It shows that the police officers lied on top of (the grand jury's) report, and that when they lied to the grand jury, it was intentional, malicious and intentional," said Daniel Lummis, an attorney and the city's former police chief.  "For these officers to be out on the streets and arrest people they're going to handcuff and arrest when they feel like they cannot arrest anybody. There's no place or time to lie."
 By now the world has heard at least one disturbing video of white police officers shooting and killing black people. But there's another video from the civil rights era that captures two incidents in the 1980s that have become national icons for years, the Associated Press has learned.  When two South Carolina police officers arrested two African-American men at gunpoint in a park last week, they said they thought it was routine. But the video shows officers posing for a photograph in the park, along with a third man and a child. The officers then turn to the three men and say, "Hey, this is the man you took the gun out of." That's when the officer opens fire, killing the boys. It happened on June 5, 1985. When police shot and killed an 18-year-old African-American teen in Baton Rouge, Louisiana last Thursday, Baton Rouge police identified him as Eric Greer, a passenger in his police car, Reuters-affiliate WVLT-TV reported. As officers were leaving, they opened fire -- killing Greer and his 18-year-old friend Kevin Anthony Anderson.  "We never thought this would be a hot-button issue," said Baton Rouge Police Chief Carl Dabadie, adding that officers with black officers who had been in contact with law enforcement had been doing a "good job" in helping people that day. Greer and Anderson were members of the Mississippi Army National Guard. Anderson had fought in Iraq while Greer was in the Army reserve, according to his father, who was a captain in the Army National Guard. "They're heroes, and I think that police officers do a terrific job serving people who might not have the same level of concern about crime or law enforcement in an environment where everyone is on the internet, where they have Facebook and Twitter," Jeff Greer said. "A lot of officers have that same interest in the social media, but they do not have the same concern about law enforcement" as other civilians. In Baton Rouge, Greer said, officers who responded to a report of a black man on the ground were shot at point-blank range by officers in a uniform and a civilian. When a second officer arrived on the scene, officers on their way out opened fire, killing Greer and Anderson. "I am not in any way offended about their deaths that the police had to kill them," Greer said. "These two young boys were unarmed. They may have been innocent victims. But I am going to continue to serve people. And I hope that other police officers, if I have any, will continue to serve people."  That would include the officers who -- like the South Carolina officers now detained -- were members of the black community themselves. In the 1990s, several officers worked as guards and street officers. In the early 1990s, South Carolina police said they stopped cooperating in the investigation of several cases involving black citizens. When they were told by the White House to halt cooperating with the Justice Department over the killings of black men, they refused and continued to kill black men.  In 1994, five officers of the Chicago Police Department were charged with violating department policies. They were given immunity. The investigation of the department's use of deadly force against Rodney King and Eric Berry Jr. ended in conviction against officers Ron Johnson and Ron Wilcox. The department fired their officers. In May 1999, Minneapolis Police shot and killed Michael Smith, a police dog handler, while Smith was investigating a domestic violence call in the Minneapolis suburb.  In July 2003, Chicago Police shot and killed Chicago Police Officer Scott Kappel, who was investigating a shooting in his patrol car. The officer said he feared for his life and used force because Smith pointed a gun at him, according to his police report. Smith then fired at Officer Kappel, killing him, the officer's police body camera camera and dashboard camera showed.  Officer Kappel later resigned from the force. Kappel later was charged in a police brutality case in the incident,
