======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The first is from Chicago, the second from the Boston area and the third from Los Angeles. From these cities, the "Dirty South" of southern California emerged, with people who were in the "black middle class" and many of these poor people, too, having attended public schools. As these middle-class parents struggled with high-school dropouts and dropped out students from better schools, this black-descendent culture created an environment that demanded that African-American families accept higher test scores and get higher grades than their white counterparts. So it is today. From the beginning of the civil rights movement -- and the battle with school suspensions in public schools -- to today, African-Americans have faced a variety of challenges in schools, but a constant struggle with black students. Why is that? There's been no shortage of studies about this. A recent study from the National Center for Education Statistics and WomensHealth found that black students in the US have a 93% higher risk of dropping out of high school and that students in the inner-city are 84% more likely to drop out of college than white high school dropouts (this is not unique -- in fact, as much as one-third of black high school graduates go on to get a college degree). But one cannot ignore the findings of one large study from WomensHealth. From 1973 to 1980, WomensHealth found that dropouts accounted for about half of the suspensions in the public school system. But from 1980 to 2008, when WomensHealth followed up on those same four decades of data, dropouts were only 21% of suspensions. Why are African-Americans more likely to drop out of college than their white peers? Well, that's a story for a different time. But a couple of things about this data do not support the commonly held notion of black youth being more successful than white peers. One, African-American students are at about the same academic level as their white counterparts. Two, and more importantly, according to the analysis from WomensHealth, African-American students who don't get good grades are more likely to fail out of high school. A new study by WomensHealth also found that African-American students on average received a grade of "D" or "F'' on their essays and final exams. African-American students are also far more likely than their white counterparts to have suspended or expelled teachers or parents. Why is this not a problem with the black middle class? Well, let's think about the context in a little more. Back in the 1970s, as the civil rights movement and urban decay grew more pronounced in the US, many black people were faced with the dilemma of whether to stay in their hometown or move to a city with greater diversity and opportunity. By the time of the 1980s, it was commonplace for African-Americans to report that they expected to move their families out of their hometown if it meant better economic opportunities elsewhere. And even in cities like Austin, Texas, today, some African-American residents seem to think that if they stay in their hometown, their children will be able to rise to the top when it comes to education and opportunities. How do we get the "no" out of this? We should think about it this way: How can one black child who is dropping out of high school or is losing his or her high school diploma be blamed for the failure of a whole population of African American and Latino youth? We are told to accept that no matter what the situation, we will take responsibility for the failures of our children. We are taught that our failures are our own fault, and that those who fail us will not be rewarded with a raise and the approval and support of the community. I'm just glad no one is judging a Black Lives Matter activist by the same standard that we judge a white college student who makes a poor decision. As I said before, this view of blame and punishment seems to be ingrained in our culture.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
