======== SAMPLE 1 ========
fact: no) and no (there are a set of exceptions, it will always be one of them) or no(there are a set of exceptions, it will always be one of them) or no (there are a set of exceptions, it will always be one of them) or no, etc. This has been around since the day before the last trial began. But why would the Supreme Court want to let a case that has already been decided and has no possibility of becoming a new precedent for a second (it just won't happen if we continue on this path) have the potential to get even worse? Why would the justices give up the chance to set a new precedent for a second time? There's nothing to be gained by just allowing it to happen again. It's the same story in every other aspect of the judicial system -- from the voting process to the application process to the trial process. If there's no real chance a new precedent might come out in another court then there's no real chance at all. Some of this is even true of politics. On our last day of the 2012 election, the news broke that the Democratic and Republican parties were working together to draft a bill of rights in anticipation of the Supreme Court's ruling this year. There was a lot of speculation about this bill; pundits talked about how it could mean everything to many Americans. Many Democrats, notably those from the South, worried about where things might be headed if it's passed. Many Republicans worried that it could actually go farther toward a Democratic majority. But, as one of the bill's sponsors explained, "We're at an inflection point. I can't tell you when it will turn around or when it will make headway. But it's not going to turn around this quickly." The same can happen if we don't get a Supreme Court ruling today. If the justices refuse to act and there's no real chance we'll get a new precedent then we'll be left with a set of existing precedents. That's just unacceptable. I asked many of the same pundits who were watching that day if they were worried what would happen tomorrow if they did pass a new precedent. There was a familiar refrain: "I'm not sure." Some of the same people who said, "A case can't be settled indefinitely," are now saying, "A case can be settled for a lifetime." But this is a huge gamble -- one that cannot be made today in a courtroom. And if that happens, the court will be setting aside decades of legal precedent in a case that, barring some extraordinary circumstances, will end up over again. As someone who has spent a great deal of time tracking the way we've been approaching trial law, a case that should never have been tried has just as many, if not more, legs than a trial.   I spoke with Mark Mazzucato earlier about a little book he's writing titled "Merely Legal." He's working out of a former office at the Institute for Justice, a conservative group. But it's not a book on trial law, as it seeks to lay out the many arguments it has to face as it battles to prove its case in front of some of the nation's highest courts. "This was a case that ought never to have been tried on the American judicial circuit," he said. "Not a case where the evidence is available to the court." I asked him if it would have sufficed that the state attorney who initially brought the charge had never been convicted of a felony in the first place. He said it would have been too "irresponsible a notion" to have charged her. "We all have biases," he said. "There's no doubt there's some bias in those parts of our country and in those parts of the world where women have suffered." It would have been unfair to the prosecutor in this case, I suggested, to try the woman whose story is at the core of this case. The woman didn't suffer in this way; none of the people who witnessed her brutal beating did. Her story was told -- to the extent of this case -- by the victim's friend Elizabeth Cushing, a nurse and mother, who also happens to be black. There are many parallels, in fact, with the women of this case, Elizabeth Cushing and Tommie Smith. I asked them if they did anything about their friends' stories. "They were all the same," Cushing said. "They couldn't see their pasts in their own eyes." She recalled how Smith and Smith were in their own homes when Toney and Cushing appeared, and she feared for their safety. "One of the brothers was there too," Cushing said. "And they were all terrified. There was nothing left to say." And, of course, I asked if they felt that a jury would find Toney, Smith or Cushing innocent. "No, no," Cushing said. "No, no." And, of course, I asked whether they would change their ways because
