======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sees the potential of new technologies in social media to help eradicate the stigma and discrimination people face when using social media platforms, he said. He urged lawmakers to pass the bill. "A lot of people don't realize how they can do this," he said. "This may be one of those situations where we don't have the choice. We can't legislate the death of another human being, or in my heart of hearts, I don't think it would feel like the right thing to do." Rep. John Faso of New York led a group of lawmakers who spoke after a judge last week struck down New York's anti-discrimination law, which is known as the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" law. In March 2014, several dozen people, mostly black and Latino, sued the state to protest its adoption of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy, which bars members of the military from openly serving in the state. The law was struck down by the court after more than a year of legal wrangling. Faso's bill -- which he calls the "Black Lives Matter Protection Act" -- would allow the state to use the military to combat the epidemic of suicides among members of the military. He believes similar legislation can be successfully passed by similar groups in other states. It has a long way to go because the legislature is in session and he knows very little about the bill. "We can just pass it and nothing will happen to us," he told reporters Monday. ''It's really hard to believe in that. The only way it will get fixed is if the people who are doing this come together and act upon the desire to do it." When Faso introduced the bill, he said it would help bring attention to the military and the issues of PTSD and crime, among other things. "I just really think that a lot of these men and women have been hurt and they are hurting for the rest of eternity," he said.    In the interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper, Faso said the bill is "a really good example" of the importance of supporting and investing in the military as opposed to just "going around putting a uniform on their backs." "I think there is a need right now," he said. "I feel really that we all have to recognize that we don't have the luxury of not doing things that are right, even if we do things incorrectly," he said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 The city has been grappling with gentrification for years. The area around the Lincoln River is considered hip, but the region's population is rapidly increasing. At a time when housing affordability is especially high, some cities have begun to adapt in the wake of demographic shifts and low-wage growth. In Atlanta, population has grown faster than the population of any of its seven largest cities combined under one rubric: the share of poverty that has decreased. But there are still pockets of poverty, particularly along the Southwest Georgia coast on the Gulf of Mexico. On Wednesday, Georgia House members passed a controversial budget amendment intended to stabilize the state's finances. That is a big win for the governor's opponents, who have long opposed the measure. House leaders approved the budget amendment by nearly a 22-to-1 margin, in part by removing provisions that would reduce state funding and shifting responsibility for paying for basic services toward the communities hit hardest. The amendment also eliminated the state's requirement for Medicaid expansion and the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate. Republicans ultimately plan to use the budget process to repeal the law. Gov. Nathan Deal, who took office in 2010, has signed his long-awaited
