======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 violence, the threat of a racist backlash and violence — were behind the deaths, according to an editorial in the newspaper. "The reason for the protests, we said in the editorial, is to show the United States that it's not okay to use that force against any black people," he said. The protests are part of "the Black Lives Matter movement," said the editorial, which also denounced police brutality against black people. Black Lives Matter activists and organizers have planned protests outside the Republican National Convention, the editorial concluded, noting that the movement is growing. They also plan to hold rallies around the country before the RNC. The protests are meant to show Americans what the Black Lives Matter movement is doing with their protests, said the editorial. Trump The president-elect has not responded directly to the editorial, but he called it "ridiculous" Tuesday night. "I thought it was hilarious in the editorial of an incredibly nice magazine, and I think the editors are very smart people and did a great job. The editorial is completely ridiculous," Trump, a Republican, said on CNN's "Larry King Live."
 At a rally in San Diego, Republican Donald Trump told the crowd to stop being a "carnival barker" by not marching. It wasn't a pleasant moment for most Trump supporters in San Diego, where the rally was held on Sunday. At the rally, he called African Americans he'd never met, said all black Americans were "gang members," and spoke about making America great again. Then, the crowd started chanting "Build that wall." That was when something happened. Something Trump didn't want other Republicans speaking about, but which Trump didn't want them to hear anyway. In a speech in Phoenix on Wednesday, Trump talked about building a wall -- "like the Statue of Liberty which was built 50 feet high -- a real wall that no other country has ever built before and it was a wall of strength," he said. He talked of paying for the wall himself, because he wants to hire "100,000 and 100,000 and 100,000," as he calls them, and told reporters, "I'm going to build the wall, but if you don't build it, they don't build it." "We're living in such a beautiful country that people are willing to take a beating if they want to," he said. "When you think of what's coming, that's going to be very dangerous stuff." Trump didn't mention his campaign by name by name, so his critics were quick to call him a racist. The Trump campaign didn't immediately respond to an investigation by CNN for this story. After the speech on Wednesday, the campaign told CNN it has "no comment on the candidate." Trump's words and actions were "shameful," Hillary Clinton's campaign told CNN, and she will not speak at his campaign's rally Tuesday night. But the speech, which she called "shambolic," "totally unacceptable" and dangerous to American democracy, seems to confirm in some circles that Trump is not afraid of political controversy.
 The violence has sparked fears of a civil war between the black community and Trump's supporters. He has repeatedly attacked demonstrators, including calling them "stupid" and "criminals." On Tuesday, a black woman was shot to death after responding to a call from police, and a woman shot and killed a man, both in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the city's second-largest city. After the protests were in full swing, law enforcement has stepped up security at Trump rallies, including keeping vehicles from running over protesters in case the situation escalates. But, the violence has pushed many in the black community to call for an end to all protests at its source, including marches and protests, they said. Trump has repeatedly denied calling for violence. On Wednesday, he called for "peace" and "respect" from protesters. Trump's actions over the past week have prompted some critics to refer to the protests as a civil war, as the violence may also have emboldened others to do so. Trump often touts his own violent and unpredictable approach to politics. On Tuesday, Trump drew thousands of protesters to his rallies in Chicago, Nevada and Florida. It's what they saw that matters, he said. "They came out in droves," said protester Mike McQuaid, who was in Seattle on Wednesday. "This is what the American people voted for in 2016 ... a candidate who promised a lot but didn't deliver the goods." At another rally in Florida that same day, protesters in the crowd chanted "Black lives matter!!!" and "Hands up, don't shoot" — the phrases that have been used more frequently for the past few weeks. A video of his remarks quickly went viral on social media, and police were ordered by protesters to move the crowd back away from Trump University and the candidate's rally outside. It was unclear what prompted the protesters to confront Trump, however, authorities did confirm to CNN they had responded to what they described as threatening behavior at the venue. "A number of people
