======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. The decision to launch that mission was the first of three major missions the Soviet Union undertook in May and June of the next year. Other missions included the final one that month -- the Kerp Hunt -- and the mission to send a man into space to study the surface of the moon. Despite the Soviet Union's success in space exploration, humanity's ability to create, test and repair satellites continued to slow in the 1960s. In the 1950s, NASA's Gemini Program put a man into space, but he ended up in the shuttle. A crewed space shuttle became the definitive space probe in the 1960s. In the early years of the Space Age, countries like the United States and Russia demonstrated their desire to go into space. But the Apollo project gave nations like the United Kingdom pause. While the UK had its own ambitions in space, the US and Russia wanted to go into space, too. NASA had to make that change after the Challenger disaster and the End of the Cold War. The human race wanted to explore space more, not less, NASA engineers would eventually tell their successors. The human race had a tremendous capacity to innovate, but also a great deal of fear about the risk that it might happen again if it went against the conventional wisdom. NASA's decision to put Americans in space was part of a broader strategic decision to "go for the buck" -- to go where the commercial sector was led, NASA engineers would later tell the agency's engineers. NASA engineers would eventually describe the human race as "a culture that values innovation, but also fear of failure and fear of consequence due to one's personal failure," according to the NASA Human Exploration and Operations Human Research Program. NASA was a highly-regarded organization that was always looking for ways to innovate and make space more exciting for NASA engineers. The success or failure of NASA's space missions made a lasting impact on the country at a pivotal time in history. NASA astronauts will walk on the moon someday, a man will walk on the moon, and the moon will be visible from the Earth. In 2024, after all, a man will walk on the moon. The human race is going to get a huge lift of an astronaut from that experience.
 The death of George Floyd and the broader conversation about race have brought the "Black Lives Matter" movement and the Black Lives Matter movement together in an unprecedented unity in action that has taken the country by storm. Over the past week, Black Lives Matter activists, members of the clergy including Rev. Michael Pfleger of St. Paul's Cathedral, and leaders from around the political spectrum have gathered at different cities where demonstrations have pitted demonstrators against police. They are discussing the new era of activism and why Black Lives Matter has become so important in galvanizing change across the nation. Over the weekend, a grand jury in Minneapolis declined to indict an officer in the deaths of George Floyd and Ahmaud Arbery, among others. "It's an important time to be a citizen; you can't look at it as protest and you can't look at it as activism," said Pfleger, a former president of the National Organization of Black Elected and Appointed Officials. "Black Lives Matter is saying, 'This is what needs to change," he said, referencing the nationwide movement that began with the Black Lives Matter movement after the deaths of George Floyd and Eric Garner and their counterparts. "We don't need to protest to change," said Pfleger, pastor of St. Sabina Orthodox Church in Minneapolis. "What is happening now is a new era of action." At the same time, a grand jury in Baltimore decided not to indict a police officer in the death of Freddie Gray. Gray's death in July sparked days of protests across the country and the global movement against structural racism that Black Lives Matter evolved from. Gray's death in May was in part the result of a police strike by arresting him after a four day police raid. In response to Sunday's grand jury decision, several leaders from various Black Lives Matter groups, the clergy, politicians, artists and intellectuals gathered in New York on Monday to commemorate the anniversary and call for action. It was the first time in many weeks that the movement met in person in person to discuss issues surrounding race and policing, the group said. "We just feel so much responsibility to do something as Americans, as leaders, to step up and we are seeing the signs that this city is beginning to listen," Pfleger said. "This is what the movement needs to do as it begins this new era of public and legislative accountability and public investment in the protection of all of our communities so that we can be a country that can stand for justice." Organizers of the New York event called for a more inclusive and robust protest movement and called for a greater role for women in politics and leadership. "A movement without a leader will collapse," according to the group's statement. It also asked people to join "in dialogue, research and advocacy to empower those who feel left out and forgotten." "We are not going to stop speaking out against
